Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, May the
5th.
And this is the Money Ball Morning
Report. My name is Anne-Marie Band,
charts by TrendSpider,
gamma flows by Mentha Q, news and news
flow by Benzinga Pro, and
data analytics and forensic data from
tradewave.ai.
Got to check it out.
Okay, let's take a look at the ES.
Yesterday, we had something very
interesting happen. Now, let's look at
the day before yesterday.
Our typical candles of biggest volume is
our opening range candle
at 9:30 to 10:00
and our closing candle
from 3:30 to 4:00. Both of these times
are Eastern. Now,
we know this is market on open candle
from 9:30 to 10:00, and
uh market on close candle is 3:30 to
4:00.
Yesterday, look at this interesting
pattern.
Here is
a candlestick 6:00 p 6:00 a.m. This was
the Iran has fired on the ships
um event and then CENTCOM coming out and
saying, "No, they haven't."
Uh they might have fired, but they
didn't hit. Okay.
>> [snorts]
>> And then, 9:30 opens up.
Pretty mundane candle, right? We We know
it's kind of important because it is our
opening range candle.
And so,
we will
note it.
But here's something very interesting.
Look at the size of the volume between
11:00
and 12:30.
This is very atypical for
price action.
Very atypical. One, this is the lunch
law, normally it's packed with volume.
And then two, this 11:00 a.m.
candlestick
sticks out like a sore thumb to me.
Did I just draw that? Knucklehead Fred.
Sticks out. So, we're going to watch it.
This will be our likely range.
What is trend? Up 200, 50, down to flat,
but everything is trending
to the north.
Overnight inventory is bullish,
and they came right to the top of that
11:00 a.m. candle and began to reverse.
So, I have a short engaged up here.
My target
ultimately
is going to be down here at 7220.
I do have a partial event at 7242
as my front line support. Now, what
could potentially happen? Well, my
Globex candle,
which is sitting right at the top of my
pivot
at that 7234,
along with the VWAP and the 50,
that could end up being support. It
would cut me off at the pass. If you
haven't taken the trade short because
you did not notice what was happening
here, but maybe you noticed the 9:30
candle, the short was also engaged.
Also engaged from there. Now,
is this a trending or counter trending
motion?
It's counter trend. Why? Because the 200
is up, momentum is up. All the traders
are doing is looking for support. So,
there is a buy the dip formation still
in play, still very jagged, still very
sideways. Put wall moved back down,
7175.
That's normal.
And then the call wall remains at 7300.
They had aggressively moved this put
wall too far in my mind, and so it got
shifted back down. So, dips are buys,
but I am taking the counter trend short
here
into the base ultimately of 7220, where
I think we see another buy zone. Notice
how well the 200 held yesterday.
It held way better than the last time we
tested it.
And so, I'm not going to lollygag around
here being short down here at the base.
That's going to be a great buy zone.
It's also the gamma wall.
All right. Coming into the end of the
week, we have jobs report,
and volume continues to be
relatively light. All right.
Let's go to the NQ.
Same sort of structural formations we're
going to be looking at.
Same thing.
The biggest candle of the last few days
was May the 1st. That was 2 days ago. I
don't even know what day it is today.
Tuesday? Yes.
Uh 2 days ago would have been Friday's
trading day.
I think I might have called it Thursday,
although
when we were doing the ES. But notice
a porous top here,
but still a topic formation.
Zero DTE call wall, which shifts
intraday. This isn't a line in the sand
that's hard.
27,900,
the big call wall 28,000.
Still sitting in the range there. Notice
yesterday, we went literally from peak
to trough.
And now we're back at the peak again.
What is slope?
It's positive.
Trend upward, momentum upward. Let's
take a look at our 9:30 formations.
Yesterday,
we hit
the call wall, the zero DTE call wall,
and rejected it. Today,
we have moved above it, but we still
can't get up over value area high. So,
here's the thing. If you're short,
and you breach
27,970,
that's no bueno. That's not a good
That's not a good position.
However,
until that happens, this is a good
shorting area. Now, it could take hours
to develop, but I still believe it's a
good shorting area for a mean reversion
trade into the anchored VWAP of the
prior day, which is 27,805.
And then the pivot, let's take a look at
how this largest candlestick
that's covering all the volume, notice
way bigger than the 11:00 a.m.
candlestick. But we still notice the
same thing. This 9:30 candlestick
not nearly as strong
as the 11:30 the 11:00 a.m. the 11:30
and the 12:00 p.m. candlestick. This is
unusual volume in the middle of the day.
Notice TrendSpider's very nice typical
volume by time of day tells us that this
is unusual.
So, they forced it down and then rotated
it right back up.
What's likely?
Um
Same thing.
They're going to force it back down,
which brings me to the space of this
highest candlestick from Friday of last
week being the ideal buy zone. So, I'm
going to put something down there,
27,630.
Now,
I might be too cheap, so
maybe I put another micro at 27,670.
All right?
But that's what I am looking at for the
NQ. Tom Corby
loves the YM, and you know, I do, too.
So, here we are taking
hat tip to you, Tom.
Maybe I get a like.
Okay. So,
um
let's take a look at what's going on.
Last 3 days in motion.
Notice how different the YM looks.
To me, this is
a story worth
pulling a thread on.
Does the YM
precede
this forward motion?
Do they tell
Do they tell the broad market in advance
what's going on? What is that
relationship? I still am trying to dig
through that. I don't have a lot of good
data that's statistically solid. So, for
now, we'll say, "Hey, the YM's rolling
over. The other guys aren't. We are
underneath the 200, under the 50. The
biggest candle
is the 9:30 candle of May 1st, and this
is the one that we have drawn.
We still see
the 9:30 candlestick and the 3:30
candlestick being strong, but again,
this movement in 11:00 a.m., 11:30 a.m.,
12:00 p.m. candlestick,
unusual rotation. So, my thought would
be
let's see if it holds this floor
at around
49,000
8,900.
Maybe it'll have a bounce, but this is
clearly a selling point. Right? Straight
down off the 50
through this high-volume candle at 9:30.
And right at
all of the Fibonacci extensions. So, old
support becomes new resistance. The
short engaged at around 28,000 to
10-ish, and the likely target is 28,960.
Okay?
That's what we're we're looking at
today. Do I think the market has a
potential to roll over and die? I do
not.
Um lot of reasons for that,
but for now, we seem to be
quite hedged,
and
so far price action looks great. Now,
here's the next thing that tells me,
you know, we're not not likely to roll
over.
Look at all the liquidity
that we see coming into Bitcoin.
Remember, this is the anchor of
liquidity for me.
If I want to see if the market's
building liquidity, I'm going to see
what Bitcoin is doing. And so far, it's
been on a run to the upside. Lost
80,000 a few days ago, and recaptured it
yesterday, and is holding it
into today. What is trend? Up.
What is momentum? Up.
So, what do we expect? Dips are buys.
Let's look at the high-volume event.
The high-volume event is still this
6:00 a.m. candlestick from yesterday's
trading cycle.
And so, I'm going to reverse the
Fibonacci
so that we can see the upward flow.
And it looks like
81,900
and some change to 82. What is the ideal
dip event?
I'm going to look at the high-volume
candle
at 11:00 a.m.
And we have two areas of importance. We
have the high zone,
and then the low zone.
So,
ideally,
I want this to be at
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> you know, I'd love for it to come all
the way back down to 80,000
100, right where the pivot is. That's
the sweet spot for the buy.
It is.
Your support ledge has got to hold
79,700.
That's where I'm going to wait for this
one. I'm going to go light just in case
it fades and come back up comes back up.
If so,
going to continue in the edge, but
everything is showing price action
that's saying dips are buys. Would I
love to see it come back to the 200? You
betcha. You betcha. So, if it loses
79,705,
I'm going to have to cut and run.
And then, I will wait for 78,000
even,
or so.
Maybe the pivot of the prior day.
Let's see where the closing candle is.
Yeah, that gamma, 78,523.
Looking backwards in time, you're going
to see that that presents a really nice
bounce zone.
All right.
Let's go
to oil.
Okay.
Oil had some pretty big moves yesterday.
Is price action being gamed here like
the broad market?
I think so.
Um
we do have hedge fund managers at
the top of
uh the Treasury and the FOMC. So, it's
it's not absurd to think that
prices are going to be gamed. But, take
a look at this.
This region here today is huge.
When you see it on your charts where
every single thing that we watch is all
jammed up together, our VWAP, our 50,
our 200, our pivot,
all of it jammed up together, it's
telling us there's going to be a move,
right? There's going to be a move. How
do we decide which direction that move
is in? For me, it's always a slope of
the 200. So, my thought is if we get a
nice solid dip where
I think it came 102.94.
If it loses that edge,
we flow all the way down into 9988.
So, to me, that's that is the sweet spot
for the buy at this juncture using these
guys. So, if we get savage bit of news,
it fades, and then the market bounces,
we're in great shape. Now, let's say it
starts running without us. Well,
all of the moving averages and
everything we watch tell us it's very
likely to be bullish over 105, 105.50 to
be exact. So, what do we want to look
for? We want to look for a candle close
over this very high-volume event at
11:00 a.m.
That's going to give us our flow. So,
using that, I like it.
Uh dips again, 102.70.
That's the long area. The base of the
put wall,
it gets broken.
For sure, right? This is a zero DT put
wall because we know the big put wall is
down at 85. So, you might take a little
haircut,
and then have to get back in, but that
is the structural motion that we are
staring down. Low,
higher low, higher low, higher low. So,
any kind of jagged rotation down is
going to present a buy at or around
these levels. Take a look at the biggest
volume candles to tell you where those
traders are going to be engaged. It
could be that it's actually $100 and
some change. Use a micro to help you in
this space.
Let's go to gold.
All right. Gold
Mhm.
Gold is sitting in the same patch that
we've watched for days and days.
Let's Let's remind each other what that
is.
This very high-volume candle from April
29th,
occurring at the 9:30 edge,
has given us where all the flow sits.
The second
highest candle is this area up here on
May the 1st. That's a topping formation.
In hindsight, we see that, but losing
the 50% range of that candle, and then
retesting it gives us the failure, and
allows us to head in short.
Yesterday,
no single candle
gave us a higher tick than this,
but
a collection of them that moved in
and held. So, if we stare down maybe an
hourly candle formation,
it gives us this general flow.
And so, I believe
the new candle to watch
is this one
that sits on the hourly formation. I'm
going to draw. We have the line at the
top, 25 Excuse me, 4,579.
And then the base of that candle is
4,518.
What are we trying to do? Well, in times
past, we've gone into the 200 and
rejected it.
And so, I expect we do the same.
Does that mean this is a countertrend
long?
Potentially.
However,
it's dangerous because there's a lot of
structure in the way.
So, you'd want to wait for a look above
that pulls back and makes a higher low
and moves to the north.
Right? It would be the look above pulls
back, makes a higher low,
and then moves to the north. That's what
you're looking for. To go long, that
could be at the breach of
4579.
Here's the interesting thing about this
line. It's the toggle
between positive gamma and negative
gamma. And so, it really could go either
way. If you went in and you said, "All
right,
I'm going to take this long because I
think it's going to move back up here."
Great.
Or you could easily follow trend and
say, "I'm going to take this short on
the high bounce. That's going to be 45
167."
And that is going to give me my fate.
Okay?
Easily, you could do that. Baseline
support around
4518 [snorts]
to 4500.
That's That's what I perceive. I don't
perceive uh any kind of deeper collapse
of any kind. Nothing's showing up that
way. Everything structurally is still
being held from beneath.
So, let's now take a look at spy. All
right, what's happened? Here is our 4:30
candle.
And
our low X candle, everything is
trending up. We are above the moving
average. That's sloping down a little,
but again, it's a bullish average, just
doing a little mean reversion.
We have pivots that are trending
downward, but could move to the upside.
The big volume candle,
what might we look at here? Let's
uh this is range. So, let's delete
everything
here.
And let's take a look at
the volume in the flow. So,
again, look at this. 11:00 candlestick
doing so much more work than the 9:30.
This volume is very important. The
breach above
could bring a lot of short-selling uh
cover,
short-sellers covering to get out here.
Super important. So, if you say, "Hey,
I'm going to short the 722 and it
breaches, you better get out." Right?
You can always get back in, but if it
catches fire, it is going to run
into that call wall at 725. And as we
know, if it breaches the call wall, it
is going to be more upward flow in the
chart in general. Okay? So, that's what
we're staring down right there. Dips are
buys,
but I would like the dip to be near the
200 simple moving average. So, if it
comes into
715, I'm going to put another alert
here.
Uh-oh. Got it. All right, let's
let's delete that.
Okay, and then let's
do this.
715,
we're going to put an alert.
And we're going to see if it comes in.
That'll be a great buy zone.
Right? Very solid buy zone. Look forward
to fade and then come back.
These are bullish markets, folks. They
are being propped up from underneath.
Whether you think it's good, bad, right,
wrong, whatever it is, they're being
propped up. And so, dips remain buys,
and the 200 tells us that. All right,
everybody, take care. I'll see you on uh
the Benzinga
prep
uh later on in the day, and then group
coaching. I look forward to spending
time with everybody. Take care. Stay
frosty. Watch your risk.